neonatal antibiotics intervention model, based on neontal cpap intervention model (#1587)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/intervention_models/neonatal/cpap_intervention.rst

Baseline Coverage Data
++++++++++++++++++++++++

> 39.3% of CEmONC facilities and 7.5% of BEmONC facilities have CPAP, according to the 2016 Ethiopia EmONC Final Report.  Please use these as a placeholder for now while we try to find reliable values for Nigeria and Pakistan. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
76.8% of CEmONC facilities and 30.2% of BEmONC facilities have antibiotics for neonatal sepsis, according to the 2016 Ethiopia EmONC Final Report.  Please use these as a placeholder for now while we try to find reliable values for Nigeria and Pakistan. 
```
